Invoicing
=========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   Purpose
   Scope
   Process
   Phased Invoices
   Overdue Invoices

Purpose
-------

Describing client-facing processes around invoicing, and the expectations on both sides.

Scope
-----

Currently gives base process description.

Process
-------

Clients are invoiced before the 10th of each month, and given 30 days to
pay for work completed in the previous month. Depending on the client,
there may be:

1. SaaS fees
2. A retainer amount for advisor services, on-call or maintenance work
3. Portions for completed phases of a flat fee amount
4. An hourly itemized amount (we prefer to avoid these, since it's
   better for clients if we charge for value created, not time spent.
   This helps us collaborate with the client to increase value)

If the amount expected to be invoiced in a single month exceeds the
client's credit amount, they must pay a deposit so their credit is not
exceeded. If a client has paid at least 3 invoices in a row, on time,
they may apply for a credit increase. The credit should not exceed the
total invoiced over the last 3 months. This credit is only usable for
the month work is acted on, and 30 day grace period (see below).

Phased Invoices
---------------

For projects in category 3 above (flat fee), phases with dates should be
identified, so it's clear how much is due at each time.

Overdue Invoices
----------------

We take overdue invoices seriously, in order to weed out clients who do
not pay on time. By following this policy, over time we will only retain
clients who are able to pay within the agreed term (30 days). While we'd
like to be nice about this, we've found that some clients may abuse that
and will use us as a source of financing, which is not our purpose.

Overdue invoices must be acted on. Here are the escalation steps in
order of severity. Also, new projects and quotes cannot be started or
issued when an amount is in arrears.

1 week overdue: The client receives a warning. We cannot issue more than
one warning per client per year. If a client has already been warned, we
must skip this escalation step. 2 weeks overdue: The client's credit is
reduced, by default to 50% of its' previous value. Record this in the
client sheet. 3 weeks overdue: The client is issued late fees, if
applicable (if they are using our contract). If so, they may stay at
this escalation level as long as late fees are paid within the next 30
days and every 30 days after, and the invoiced amount does not exceed
their credit. 4 weeks overdue: We stop doing any work for the client,
including urgent maintenance work. 5 weeks overdue: The debt is sold to
a collection agency, and the client is black-listed.
