**CONSULTING** **AGREEMENT**

THIS AGREEMENT is dated for reference **TODO**.

**BETWEEN:**

\**Countable Web Productions, \**a business with an address

of Suite 703, 15 East Royal Avenue, New Westminster, BC V3L 0A9

(the "Consultant")

**AND:**

**TODO**, a company duly incorporated

under the laws of British Columbia with a registered

address of **TODO**

(the "Client")

(collectively referred to as the "Parties")

**WHEREAS** the Client is in the business of

**AND WHEREAS** the Client has requested the services of the Consultant
for the purposes outlined in this Agreement;

**THEREFORE**, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

**Definitions:**

**"Confidential Information"** means all information (whether in oral,
written or electronic form) relating to the business, technology,
personnel, marketing, customers, finances, products or services of the
Client , and includes confidential information received by the Client
from third parties, but excludes any information that:

(a) was lawfully in the possession of the Consultant before receiving it
from the Client;

(b) is provided in good faith to the Consultant by a third party without
breaching any rights of the Client or any other party;

(c) is generally available to, or accessible by, the public through no
fault of the Consultant;

(d) is independently developed by the Consultant without use of the
Confidential Information; or

(e) is disclosed by operation of law.

**1. Term and Termination**

1.1 This term of this Agreement shall commence as of **TODO**, and shall
continue to remain in effect for*\* TODO***\* \*\*\ **weeks** (the
"Term") unless terminated as provided herein. This Agreement may be
renewed by mutual agreement of the Parties at least one (1) month prior
to the end of the Term, and any revisions to the Agreement will be made
in writing and attached as an addendum.

1.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time, without
cause, by providing one (1) month written notice to the other party.

**2. Services**

2.1 The Consultant shall provide the services listed in Appendix "A",
which is attached to and forms part of this Agreement (the “Services”).

2.2 The Services may be reasonably modified at the Client's discretion
to reflect actual work performed, or by agreement between the Parties.

**3. Relationship**

3.1 The Parties agree that the relationship of the Consultant to the
Client is that of an independent contractor and acknowledge that it is
not the intent of the parties to create a relation of employment,
partnership, agency or joint venture.

**4. Schedule**

4.1 The Consultant shall determine his own hours and schedule, but shall
aim to provide Services at least **TODO (1)** **day per week**, and a
total of **TODO (N) or fewer hours**.

4.2 The Consultant may work on site at the Client’s office, and the
Client shall provide reasonable office space and equipment for the
Consultant’s use.

4.3 The Consultant does not guarantee a specific response time to
queries, whether or not urgent, as this type of service, if agreed upon,
would be covered in a separate support retainer contract.

4.4 The Consultant will record a minimum of one hour of service,
billable for any technical request initiated by the client.

\**5. Payment \*\*

5.1 In exchange for providing the Services, the Client shall pay to the
Consultant an amount equal to **TODO** per hour in Canadian Dollars, due
thirty (30) days of invoicing.

5.2 Any pre-approved out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the
Client within thirty (30) days of the Consultant providing a receipt for
the expenses.

5.3 If the Consultant is required to travel at the request of the Client
or in order to provide Services, the Client shall reimburse the
Consultant for travel costs and reasonable associated expenses.

**6. Share Rights**

6.1 If any payment in section (5) is given, upon mutual agreement of the
Client and Consultant, in the form of equity. Consultant shall be
permitted to receive dividends and transfer the Shares according to the
terms of the Client’s Articles or any Shareholders’ Agreement that may
be in place at the time of transfer. The Consultant must provide the
Client with a first right of refusal to purchase the Shares.

**7. Confidential Information**

7.1 The Consultant covenants to keep in the strictest confidence and
trust all Confidential Information at all times during the term of this
Agreement and following its termination, and shall take all necessary or
prudent precautions against unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential
Information. The Consultant shall not directly or indirectly disclose,
allow access to, transmit or transfer any of the Confidential
Information to a third party, nor copy nor reproduce any of the
Confidential Information except as may be reasonably required for the
Consultant to perform the Services required under this Agreement.

7.2 At all times during the term of this Agreement and following its
termination, the Consultant covenants not to use the Confidential
Information in any manner other than as is reasonably required for the
due performance of the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Consultant covenants not to use or take advantage of the Confidential
Information to create, maintain or market, or to aid in creating,
maintaining or marketing of, any Services which are competitive with the
Services.

7.3 Upon the request of the Client, and in any event upon the
termination of this Agreement, the Consultant covenants immediately to:

::

   (a) return to the Client all materials in physical form, including any notes, summaries or memoranda relating to or derived from those materials, that contain the Client’s Confidential Information, or certify in writing that it has destroyed such materials permanently and confidentially; and

   (b) certify in writing that it has destroyed permanently all material in electronic form, including emails and any notes, summaries or memoranda relating to or derived from those materials, that contain the Client’s Confidential Information.

7.4 The Consultant acknowledges that the Consultant shall not acquire
any right, title or interest in the Confidential Information or any of
it.

**8. Intellectual Property**

8.1 The Consultant has been engaged for the purpose of producing, or
enhancing, intellectual property, and his or her job includes inventing
new designs, products, methodologies and processes (the "Developments").
All proprietary or confidential ideas, techniques, processes, designs,
trade-marks, works, inventions or any other product or service related
to the business of the Client that have been developed by the Consultant
during the term of this Agreement and any intellectual property rights
in or to any of the foregoing, including copyright and all patent rights
and Developments generally, are the sole property of the Client, as is
any current or future income arising from their application.

8.2 The Consultant acknowledges that neither the Client nor any licensee
shall be required to designate the Consultant as author of any
Development. The Consultant hereby waives all moral rights the
Consultant may have in the Developments and each of them.

8.3 Right to use the name and logo to identify the client relationship
to new, prospective clients.

**9. Indemnification**

9.1 The Consultant shall indemnify and save harmless the Client and its
officers, directors, agents and employees from all claims, losses or
damages, and any associated costs, which relate to or arise directly or
indirectly out of any acts or omissions of the Consultant in connection
with providing Services under this Agreement.

9.2 The Client shall indemnify and save harmless the Consultant from all
claims, losses or damages, and any associated costs, which relate to or
arise directly or indirectly out of any acts or omissions of the Client,
particularly involving the Client’s use or misuse of the Developments.

**10. Dispute Resolution**

10.1 All disputes with respect to the interpretation, application or
alleged breach of this Agreement that the Parties are unable to resolve
informally, may be referred to mediation on notice by one party to the
other, with the assistance of a neutral mediator jointly selected by the
Parties. If the dispute cannot be settled within thirty (30) days after
the mediator has been appointed, or within such other period as agreed
to by the Parties in writing, either party may commence a legal action
in any British Columbia court.

**11. General Provisions**

11.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of
British Columbia.

11.2 This Agreement must not be amended except by written consent of
both Parties.

11.3 The Consultant may not assign or transfer his/her rights under this
Agreement.

11.4 In the event that any portion of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in
accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect its
original intentions and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in
full force and effect.

11.5 This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement
between the parties and there are no covenants, representations,
warranties or agreements other than those contained or specifically
preserved under the terms of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of
the date above written.

**Countable Web Productions** **per: Clark Van Oyen**
**\_______________________________\_**

**TODO** per: **\______________________________\_**

**APPENDIX "A"**

**SERVICES**

The Consultant shall provide any or all of the following services:

-  **TODO product deliverable**

-  **TODO testing, automated tests**

-  **TODO documentation, training, staffing, hiring**
